#*******************************************************************************
#  Copyright (C) 2021 Intel Corporation
# 
#  SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
# ******************************************************************************

#Output of the graph is empty array, and thus IE throws error
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-3

#Strided slice op output has zero dimension and therefore IE throws error
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-3
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-4
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-5
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-3
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-5
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-4
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testTensorIndexing_testTensorIndexing-0
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-0
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-3
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-0
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-3
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-4
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-5
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-6
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-7
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-8
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-9

#MO converts Int64 to int32
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-13
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-14
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-15
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-16
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-17

#DT_DOUBLE is not supported
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-11
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-16

#Complex datatype support not added in ocm yet
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-22
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-23
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-27
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-28
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-55
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-56
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-60
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-61
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-80
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-84
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-102
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-106
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-22
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-23
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-27
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-28
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-47
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-51
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-77
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-78
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-82
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-83

#MO optimizes the graph with only cast op
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-10
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-31
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-43
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-64
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-87
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-10
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-109
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-31
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-54
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-65
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-86

#DT_DOUBLE not supported by OV backend (fails with bridge)
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-44
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-49
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-75
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-11
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-16
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-42
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-66
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-71
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-97

#DT_INT64 not supported by OV backend (fails with bridge)
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-35
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-67
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-12
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-2
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-34
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-57
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-67
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-89

#MO converts Int64 to int32
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-4

#Complex datatype support not added in ocm yet
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-6
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-7

# DT_DOUBLE
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testZeroSize_testZeroSize-18
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testZeroSize_testZeroSize-9

#SpaceToBatchND OP not supported
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x2FilterDilation_testConv2D1x2FilterDilation-0
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x2FilterDilation_testConv2D1x2FilterDilation-2
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2Filter2x1Dilation_testConv2D2x2Filter2x1Dilation-0
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2Filter2x1Dilation_testConv2D2x2Filter2x1Dilation-2
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterDilation_testConv2D2x2FilterDilation-0
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterDilation_testConv2D2x2FilterDilation-2
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSizeDilation_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSizeDilation-0
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSizeDilation_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSizeDilation-2

#TF itself throws error
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testShapeFunctionEdgeCases_testShapeFunctionEdgeCases-7

# Failures associated with nvidia gpu test cases and MO converts FP16 to FP32

conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x1Filter_testConv2D1x1Filter-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x1Filter_testConv2D1x1Filter-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x2Filter_testConv2D1x2Filter-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x2Filter_testConv2D1x2Filter-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2Filter_testConv2D2x2Filter-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2Filter_testConv2D2x2Filter-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-13
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-17
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-21
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-9
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid-5


#Unsupported Ops (sub, mul) test
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-0
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-1
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-15
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-16
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-17
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-18
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-19
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-2
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-20
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-3
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-4
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-5

#Unsupported Ops (neg, square, erf, sqrt, tanh, reciprocal, log1p) 
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-10
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-101
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-107
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-108
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-109
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-110
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-113
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-117
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-118
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-119
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-12
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-120
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-121
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-122
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-123
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-124
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-127
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-128
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-13
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-14
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-16
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-17
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-18
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-20
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-21
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-22
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-24
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-25
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-26
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-28
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-39
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-41
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-42
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-44
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-53
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-54
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-56
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-68
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-74
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-75
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-76
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-77
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-9
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-93
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-97
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatTanhEdge_testFloatTanhEdge-0
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatTanhEdge_testFloatTanhEdge-2
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatTanhEdge_testFloatTanhEdge-4
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatTanhEdge_testFloatTanhEdge-5
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatTanhEdge_testFloatTanhEdge-6
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatTanhEdge_testFloatTanhEdge-8
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-11
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-12
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-2
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-3
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-4
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-5
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-2
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-3
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-7
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-8

#Consists cast op with Dst: DT_DOUBLE, MO typecasts it to FP16, 
#However fails with bridge
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-10
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-11
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-27
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-28
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-29
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-9
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-21
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-22
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-23
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-6
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-7
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-8

# # BroadcastGradientArgs not supported
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-46
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-50
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-94
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-98

cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-13
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-14
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-6
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-7

#TF itself throws error, beacuse of bad gather indices
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testBadIndicesCPU_testBadIndicesCPU-0
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testBadIndicesCPU_testBadIndicesCPU-1

#No gather op in it (only placeholder and identity op in the graph, and MO optimizes the graph)
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-2
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-5
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-8
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-11
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-83
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-86
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-89

#MO converts Tparams Int64 to int32
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-10
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-3
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-4
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-84
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-85
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-9
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-90
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-91
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-92
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-93
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-94
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar1D_testScalar1D-0
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar1D_testScalar1D-1
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar2D_testScalar2D-0
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar2D_testScalar2D-1
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testSimpleTwoD32_testSimpleTwoD32-0
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testSimpleTwoD32_testSimpleTwoD32-1

#HDDL throws error(Timeout)
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar2D_testScalar2D-2
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testSimpleTwoD32_testSimpleTwoD32-2
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testUnknownIndices_testUnknownIndices-0

#MO optimizes the graph with only identity op
identity_op_py_test_IdentityOpTest_testCompositeTensor_testCompositeTensor-0
identity_op_py_test_IdentityOpTest_testCompositeTensor_testCompositeTensor-1
identity_op_py_test_IdentityOpTest_testCompositeTensor_testCompositeTensor-2
identity_op_py_test_IdentityOpTest_testIdentityShape_testIdentityShape-0
identity_op_py_test_IdentityOpTest_testIdentityShape_testIdentityShape-1
identity_op_py_test_IdentityOpTest_testIdentityShape_testIdentityShape-2
identity_op_py_test_IdentityOpTest_testInt32_2_3_testInt32_2_3-0
identity_op_py_test_IdentityOpTest_testInt32_6_testInt32_6-0

#MO converts Int64 to int32
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-0
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-1
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-10
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-11
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-12
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-13
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-14
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-15
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-2
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-3
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-4
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-5
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-6
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-7
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-8
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-9

#MO converts output of one of the intermediate op to fp16
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-15
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-3
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-9

#MO optimizes the graph with only Pad op
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-19
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-20
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-21
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-22
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-30
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-31
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-32
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-33
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-34
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-35
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPaddingsDim_testPaddingsDim-1

# Complex Datatypes
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-10
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-11
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-18
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-19
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-20
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-21
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-22
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-23
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-6
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-7
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-8
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-9

# # DT_DOUBLE
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testFloatTypes_testFloatTypes-54
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testFloatTypes_testFloatTypes-55
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testFloatTypes_testFloatTypes-56
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testFloatTypes_testFloatTypes-57
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testFloatTypes_testFloatTypes-58
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testFloatTypes_testFloatTypes-59


# DT_DOUBLE Datatypes
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-113
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-122
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-14
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-167
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-176
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-5
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-59
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-68
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testMaxPooling_testMaxPooling-161
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testMaxPooling_testMaxPooling-17
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testMaxPooling_testMaxPooling-173
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testMaxPooling_testMaxPooling-182
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testMaxPooling_testMaxPooling-194
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testMaxPooling_testMaxPooling-26
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testMaxPooling_testMaxPooling-38
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testMaxPooling_testMaxPooling-5

# # empty weights and assertion failed error
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-10
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-11
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-24
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-25
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-48
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-49
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-90
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-91

reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-162
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-86


#Complex DTYPE not supported by OCM yet 
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex128Basic_testComplex128Basic-0
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex128Basic_testComplex128Basic-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex128Basic_testComplex128Basic-2
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex128Basic_testComplex128Basic-3
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex64Basic_testComplex64Basic-0
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex64Basic_testComplex64Basic-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex64Basic_testComplex64Basic-2
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex64Basic_testComplex64Basic-3

#MO optimizes the graph with only reshape op
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatReshapeGradThreeDimensions_testFloatReshapeGradThreeDimensions-1

#MO converts int64 to int32
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDimsDimType_testExpandDimsDimType-1
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDimsDimType_testExpandDimsDimType-3
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-32
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-33
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-34
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-35
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-36
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-37
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-38
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-39
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-40
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-41
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-42
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-43
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-44
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-45
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-46
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-47
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-48
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-49
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-50
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-51
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-52
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-53
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-54
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-55
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-56
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-57
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-58
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-59
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-60
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-61
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-62
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-63
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeAllOnes_testSqueezeAllOnes-2
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeAllOnes_testSqueezeAllOnes-3
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-12
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-13
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-14
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-15
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-16
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-17
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-18
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-19
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-20
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-21
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-22
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-23
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-12
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-13
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-14
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-15
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-16
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-17
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-18
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-19
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-20
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-21
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-22
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-23
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueeze_testSqueeze-12
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueeze_testSqueeze-13
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueeze_testSqueeze-14
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueeze_testSqueeze-15

#Complex DTYPE not supported by OCM yet
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testTypes_testTypes-3
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testTypes_testTypes-4

#output node has zero in the indices, cannot be handled by OCM for now
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testRandom_testRandom-1

# empty weights data in IR
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testScalar_testScalar-0
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testScalar_testScalar-1

# #zero dimension
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-2
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-4
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-7
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-8
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingWithInt64Index_testSlicingWithInt64Index-0
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSliceOfSlice_testSliceOfSlice-0

#"shrink_axis_mask" is not supported by openvino 21.2, but somehow MO optimizes the graph 
#for certain scenarios and the param is handled
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testComplex_testComplex-0
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-0
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-1
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-3
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-5
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-6
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-9

#MO converts int64 to int32
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-1
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-3
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-4

#Tests contains "Pack" op which is not supported by OCM yet
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingWithInt64Index_testSlicingWithInt64Index-1


#Range OP in the test is not supported
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testAlongFirstDimension_testAlongFirstDimension-0
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testAlongNegativeDimension_testAlongNegativeDimension-0
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testAlongSecondDimension_testAlongSecondDimension-0

#Bridge supports negative dimension and converts it to positive
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testDegenerateVariable_testDegenerateVariable-0
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testDegenerateVariable_testDegenerateVariable-1
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testDegenerateVariable_testDegenerateVariable-2
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testDegenerateVariable_testDegenerateVariable-3

#Ngraph Bridge OP translation doesn not support "unsorted" mode
topk_op_test_TopKTest_testTop3Unsorted_testTop3Unsorted-0

#MO optimizes the graph with only Transpose op
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testHalf_testHalf-0
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testHalf_testHalf-4
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-0
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-10
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-5
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-6
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-0
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-10
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-5
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-6

#MO optimizes the graph with only Transpose op
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-3

#MO converts int64 to int32
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-5
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-6
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-7
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-9
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-11
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-14
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-2
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-5
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-8


#Miscellaneous: Myriad Device Error
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-100
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-101
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-12
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-13
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-93
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-94
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-110
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-116
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-2
pooling_ops_test_PoolingTest_testAvgPooling_testAvgPooling-8
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testGradient_testGradient-5
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testIdentityTileAndGrad_testIdentityTileAndGrad-0

# Error when operated on first element for HDDL Device
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testConcatAxisType_testConcatAxisType-0
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testConcatAxisType_testConcatAxisType-1
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testConcatNegativeAxis_testConcatNegativeAxis-1
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testGradient_testGradient-25
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeGradientWithSqueezeDims_testSqueezeGradientWithSqueezeDims-0
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeGradient_testSqueezeGradient-0
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeGradient_testSqueezeGradient-1
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-10
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-11
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-15
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-26
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-3
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-35
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-38
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-39
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testShapeInference_testShapeInference-2
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testSpecialCasesVariable_testSpecialCasesVariable-0
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testSpecialCasesVariable_testSpecialCasesVariable-1
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-10
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-11
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-15
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-26
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-3
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-35
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-38
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-39
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testShapeInference_testShapeInference-2
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testSpecialCasesVariable_testSpecialCasesVariable-0
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testSpecialCasesVariable_testSpecialCasesVariable-1
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAxis0Default_testAxis0Default-0
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testInferNum_testInferNum-2
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testInferNum_testInferNum-3
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-10
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-6
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-7
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-9

#Zero Dimension Error
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-0
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-2
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSliceMatrixDim0_testSliceMatrixDim0-0
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSliceMatrixDim0_testSliceMatrixDim0-1
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSliceMatrixDim0_testSliceMatrixDim0-2
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSliceMatrixDim0_testSliceMatrixDim0-3

# TF infer fails with "timeout, core dumped" during model loading
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testGradient_testGradient-4
