#*******************************************************************************
#  Copyright (C) 2021 Intel Corporation
#
#  SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
# ******************************************************************************

# For GPU, invalid dimensions
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-12
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-13
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-16
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-17
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-20
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-21
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-24
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-25
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-28
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-29
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-32
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-33
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-36
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-37
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-4
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-40
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-41
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-44
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-45
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-48
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-49
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-5
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-52
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-53
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-56
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-57
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-8
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-9
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-12
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-13
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-16
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-17
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-20
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-21
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-24
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-25
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-28
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-29
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-32
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-33
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-36
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-37
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-4
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-40
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-41
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-44
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-45
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-48
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-49
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-5
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-52
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-53
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-56
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-57
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-8
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-9
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-60
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-61
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-62
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-63

# # Invalid Data dimensions for OV 2021.4
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-10
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-11
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-14
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-15
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-18
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-19
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-22
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-23
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-26
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-27
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-30
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-31
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-34
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-35
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-38
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-39
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-42
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-43
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-46
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-47
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-50
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-51
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-54
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-55
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-58
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-59
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-6
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-7
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-10
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-11
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-14
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-15
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-18
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-19
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-22
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-23
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-26
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-27
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-30
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-31
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-34
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-35
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-38
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-39
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-42
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-43
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-46
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-47
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-50
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-51
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-54
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-55
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-58
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-59
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-6
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-7

# For GPU, int64
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt64_testInt64-0
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt64_testInt64-1

# #MO optimizes int64 to int32
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt64_testInt64-2
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt64_testInt64-3

# Segmentation Fault
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testDefaultAxis_testDefaultAxis-0
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testDefaultAxis_testDefaultAxis-1
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-60
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-61
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-62
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testFloat_testFloat-63
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-0
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-1
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-2
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt32_testInt32-3
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt64_testInt64-4
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt64_testInt64-5
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt64_testInt64-6
argmax_op_test_ArgMaxTest_testInt64_testInt64-7

# Dimension in node must be a positive number [CHECK]
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-0
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-3

# Strided slice zero dimension not allowed
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-3
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-4
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-5
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-3
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-4
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-5
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testShrink_testShrink-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testTensorIndexing_testTensorIndexing-0
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testTensorIndexing_testTensorIndexing-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testTensorIndexing_testTensorIndexing-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testTensorIndexing_testTensorIndexing-3

# Strided slice too many axes for adding
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-0

# Strided slice, Error occured for crop,mistmatching dimensions
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-4

# Strided slice Op Type not supported, int64
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-13
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-14
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-15
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-16
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-17
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-18
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-19
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-20
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-21
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-22
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-23

# #DT_INT8 not supported
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-49

# ##Complex datatypes
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-100
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-101
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-78
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-79
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-80
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-81
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-82
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-83
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-84
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-85
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-86
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-87
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-88
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-91
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-92
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-93
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-94
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-95
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-96
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-97
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-98
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-99

# # OVTF[GPU]:The plugin does not support output BOOL precision
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-104
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-105
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-106
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-107
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-114

# # OVTF[GPU]:The plugin does not support output I8 precision
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-39
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-40
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-41
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-42

# Graph optimize to single result node and data to fp16[Invalid]
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-0
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-10
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-11
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-3
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-6
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-9
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-0
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-1
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-2
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-3
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-4
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-5
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-6
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-7

# Cast OP
# Float64 at DstT
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-0
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-11
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-16
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-33
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-44
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-49
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-66
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-75
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-0
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-11
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-16
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-33
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-42
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-55
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-66
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-71
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-88
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-97
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-1
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-2
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-4
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testInfNan_testInfNan-5

#int64 at DstT
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-12
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-2
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-35
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-45
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-67
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-12
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-2
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-34
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-57
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-67
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-89

#int64 ar SrcT
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-15
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-17
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-48
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-50
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-74
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-15
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-17
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-41
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-70
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-72
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-96

#Placeholder complex64, SrcT complex64
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-20
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-22
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-53
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-55
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-78
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-100
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-20
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-22
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-45
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-75
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-77

#Placeholder complex64, DstT float64
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-21
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-54
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-79
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-101
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-21
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-46

#Placeholder complex64, DstT int64
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-23
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-56
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-80
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-102
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-23
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-47
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-76
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-78

#Placeholder complex128, SrcT Complex128
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-25
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-27
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-58
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-60
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-82
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-104
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-25
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-27
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-49
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-80
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-82

#Placeholder complex128, DstT float64
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-26
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-59
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-83
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-105
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-26
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-50
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-81

#Placeholder complex128, DstT int64
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-28
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-61
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-84
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-106
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-28
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-51
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-83

#Place holder bool, source bool
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-30
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-53
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-63
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-86
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-108
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-30
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-85

#Place holder int64, SrcT int64
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-38
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-5
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-70
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-37
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-5
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-60
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-92
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-32
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-65
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-32
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-87
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-0

#int64 const dtype not supported
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testConcatAxisType_testConcatAxisType-1

#loading model to device [CHECK]
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testConcatLargeNumberOfTensors_testConcatLargeNumberOfTensors-0
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testConcatLargeNumberOfTensors_testConcatLargeNumberOfTensors-1

#int64
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-4

#Placeholder complex64
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-6

#Placeholder complex128
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-7

#Conv
#implementationmap
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x1Filter_testConv2D1x1Filter-3
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x1Filter_testConv2D1x1Filter-7
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x2Filter_testConv2D1x2Filter-3
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x2Filter_testConv2D1x2Filter-7
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2-3
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2-7
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same-3
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same-7
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2-3
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2-7
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2Filter_testConv2D2x2Filter-3
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2Filter_testConv2D2x2Filter-7
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-3
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-7
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-11
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-15
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-19
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-23
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-3
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-7
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid-3
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid-7

# Dimension mismatch failed at ngraph
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testShapeFunctionEdgeCases_testShapeFunctionEdgeCases-7

# Failures associated with nvidia gpu test cases and MO converts FP16 to FP32
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x1Filter_testConv2D1x1Filter-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x1Filter_testConv2D1x1Filter-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x2Filter_testConv2D1x2Filter-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D1x2Filter_testConv2D1x2Filter-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride1x2-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2Same-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2_testConv2D2x2FilterStride2-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2Filter_testConv2D2x2Filter-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2D2x2Filter_testConv2D2x2Filter-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testConv2DKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-13
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-17
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-21
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-5
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideSame-9
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid-1
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid_testConv2DKernelSmallerThanStrideValid-5

# #requested activation is not supported for integer type
# # In Discussion with OV team
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-13
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-14
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-6
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-7

# BroadcastGradientArgs
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-46
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-50
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-94
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-98


#type 17 (uint16): const and Cast
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint16Basic_testUint16Basic-12
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint16Basic_testUint16Basic-13
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint16Basic_testUint16Basic-14
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint16Basic_testUint16Basic-6
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint16Basic_testUint16Basic-7
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint16Basic_testUint16Basic-8

#Abs
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-0
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-131
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-2
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-4
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-5
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-6
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-8
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-123
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-124

#sqrt
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-25
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-26
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-28
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-121
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-122
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-137
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-138

#sign
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-141
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-142
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-3
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-7
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-82
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-83
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-86
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-133
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-134

#Sin
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-87
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-88
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-90

#Cos
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-89
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-91
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-92
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-94
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-1
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-30
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-32
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-34
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-37
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-55
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-57
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-58
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-60
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-69
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-70
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-71
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-73

#Erf
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-107
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-108
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-110
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-115
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-116
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-127
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-128
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-143
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-144
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-118

#Log1p
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-41
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-42
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-44
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-45
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-46
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-48

#Cosh
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-51
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-63
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-53
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-54
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-56

#uint16 (type17)
#floordiv
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-53
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-54
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-55
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-56
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-101
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-102
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-103
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-104

#neg
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-2
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-3
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-7
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-8

#---------------------------------------------------------------------
#Complex64
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar1D_testScalar1D-4
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar1D_testScalar1D-5
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar2D_testScalar2D-4
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar2D_testScalar2D-5
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testSimpleTwoD32_testSimpleTwoD32-4
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testSimpleTwoD32_testSimpleTwoD32-5
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-198
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-199
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-201
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-202
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-205
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-206
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-209
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-210
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-27
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-28
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-30
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-31
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-34
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-35
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-38
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-39
gather_nd_op_test_GatherNdTest_testSimpleDtype_testSimpleDtype-4

#Complex128
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar1D_testScalar1D-6
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar1D_testScalar1D-7
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar2D_testScalar2D-6
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar2D_testScalar2D-7
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testSimpleTwoD32_testSimpleTwoD32-6
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testSimpleTwoD32_testSimpleTwoD32-7
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-213
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-214
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-216
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-217
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-220
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-221
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-224
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-225
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-42
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-43
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-45
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-46
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-49
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-50
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-53
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-54
gather_nd_op_test_GatherNdTest_testSimpleDtype_testSimpleDtype-5

# #empty weights
gather_nd_op_test_GatherNdTest_testEmptyIndicesAndParamsOKButJustEmptyParamsFails_testEmptyIndicesAndParamsOKButJustEmptyParamsFails-0
gather_nd_op_test_GatherNdTest_testEmptyIndicesAndParamsOKButJustEmptyParamsFails_testEmptyIndicesAndParamsOKButJustEmptyParamsFails-1
gather_nd_op_test_GatherNdTest_testEmptyIndicesLastRankMeansCopyEntireTensor_testEmptyIndicesLastRankMeansCopyEntireTensor-0

# ResizeBilinear and ResizeNearestNeighbor int32 not supported
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse-12
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse-13
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse-15
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse-16
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue-12
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue-13
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue-15
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue-16
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-36
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-37
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-44
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-45
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-46
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-53
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testResizeUp_testResizeUp-32
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testResizeUp_testResizeUp-33
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testResizeUp_testResizeUp-40
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testResizeUp_testResizeUp-

# # invalid tests
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testNoOp_testNoOp-6
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testBfloat16MultipleOps_testBfloat16MultipleOps-0
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testBfloat16MultipleOps_testBfloat16MultipleOps-2
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-62

#concat
#SpaceToBatchND
#Cwise binary,eltwise mode not supported for int types
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-15
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-16
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-17
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-33
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-34
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-35
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-36

#Cwise unary
#tan
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-103
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-104
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-106
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-125
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-126
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-47
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-49
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-50
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-52
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-59
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-84
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-85

#int64, ConstOP
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-0
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-10
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-100
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-101
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-104
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-105
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-12
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-15
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-16
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-19
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-20
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-23
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-24
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-3
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-4
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-6
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-7
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-81
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-84
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-85
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-87
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-88
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-9
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-90
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-91
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-93
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-96
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testHigherRank_testHigherRank-97

#int64 GatherV2
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar1D_testScalar1D-0
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar1D_testScalar1D-1
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar2D_testScalar2D-0
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testScalar2D_testScalar2D-1
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testSimpleTwoD32_testSimpleTwoD32-0
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testSimpleTwoD32_testSimpleTwoD32-1
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-0
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-1
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-10
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-11
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-12
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-13
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-14
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-15
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-2
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-3
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-4
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-5
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-6
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-7
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-8
math_ops_test_AddNTest_testInt_testInt-9

# T19, TransposeOp not supported
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape1_testInferenceShape1-3
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape2_testInferenceShape2-3
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape3_testInferenceShape3-3
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape4_testInferenceShape4-3

# DT_DOUBLE for OneHot 
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBasic_testDoubleBasic-0
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBasic_testDoubleBasic-1
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBasic_testDoubleBasic-2
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBasic_testDoubleBasic-3
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBasic_testDoubleBasic-4
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBasic_testDoubleBasic-5
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBasic_testDoubleBasic-6
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBasic_testDoubleBasic-7
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-10
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-11
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-12
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-13
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-2
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-3
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-4
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-5
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-6
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-7
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-8
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testDoubleBatch_testDoubleBatch-9

# Indices must be integral element type
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testIndicesTypes_testIndicesTypes-0
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testIndicesTypes_testIndicesTypes-1
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testIndicesTypes_testIndicesTypes-2
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testIndicesTypes_testIndicesTypes-3
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testOneHotUint8WithLargeArray_testOneHotUint8WithLargeArray-0
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testPrefixDimOverflow_testPrefixDimOverflow-4
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testPrefixDimOverflow_testPrefixDimOverflow-5

#pad
#argument elements do not match, i32 to f16
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-3
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-9
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testFloatTypes_testFloatTypes-12
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testFloatTypes_testFloatTypes-17

#complex64 MirrorPadOp not supported
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-1
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-10
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-11
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-2
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-3
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-4
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-6       #PadOP not supported
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-7
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-8
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-9
#complex128 MirrorOp not supported
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-13
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-14
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-15
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-16
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-18

#PadOP not supported
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-19
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-20
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-21
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-22
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testComplexTypes_testComplexTypes-23

#plugin not supporting U8 precision
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-19
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-20
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-21
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-22
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-30
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-31
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-32
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-33
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-34
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-35

#implementation map
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-25
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-26
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-27
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-28
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPaddingsMaximum_testPaddingsMaximum-0
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPaddingsMaximum_testPaddingsMaximum-1

# argument mismatch: input arg element i32, arg pad element f16
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-24
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-29

#int64, ConstOp type not supported
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPaddingTypes_testPaddingTypes-1
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPaddingTypes_testPaddingTypes-11
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPaddingTypes_testPaddingTypes-3
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPaddingTypes_testPaddingTypes-5
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPaddingTypes_testPaddingTypes-7
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPaddingTypes_testPaddingTypes-9

# #DT_INT8 is not supported.
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-1
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-2
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-3
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-4

#reduction
#int64, ConstOp not supported
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testAxesType_testAxesType-0

#unknown primitive id reducemean
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-114
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-116
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-118
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-122
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-124
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-128
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-134
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-136
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-138
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-140
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-142
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-146
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-148
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-154
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-156
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-158
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-112
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-114
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-116
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-118
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-120
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-122
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-124
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-126
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-128
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-130
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-132
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-134
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-136
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-138
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-140
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-142
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-144
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-146
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-148
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-150
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-152
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-154
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-156
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-158
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-160
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-162
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-114
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-116
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-118
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-122
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-124
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-128
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-134
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-136
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-138
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-140
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-142
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-146
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-148
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-154
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-156
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-158

#implementation map
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-109
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-111
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-16
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-17
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-18
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-19
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-30
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-31
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-32
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-33
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-54
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-56
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-63
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-65
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-96
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-98

#timeout
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testGradient_testGradient-5

# #Segmentation Fault
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowInt8_testSizeOverflowInt8-4
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowInt8_testSizeOverflowInt8-5
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowInt8_testSizeOverflowInt8-6
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowInt8_testSizeOverflowInt8-7

# # empty weights
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-10
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-11
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-24
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-25
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-49
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-91
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-10
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-11
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-24
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-25
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-49
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-91
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowInt8_testSizeOverflowInt8-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowInt8_testSizeOverflowInt8-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-10
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-11
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-24
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-25
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-49
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-91
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-4
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-5
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-6
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-7


# # Can't Find Output name in OutputsDataMap
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-108
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-110
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-92
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-94
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-108
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-110
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-92
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-94
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-108
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-110
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-92
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-94

# #implementation_map for N5cldnn7poolingE could not find any implementation to match key
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-62
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-64
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testScalar_testScalar-0
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testScalar_testScalar-1

# DT_BOOL
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-0
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-1
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-6
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-7

#int64 Relu OpType not supported
relu_op_test_Relu6Test_testNumbersCPU_testNumbersCPU-1
relu_op_test_ReluTest_testNumbersCPU_testNumbersCPU-1

# Wrong Test
relu_op_test_LeakyReluTest_testNumbersCPU_testNumbersCPU-1

#Reshape
#Placeholder complex128 not supported
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex128Basic_testComplex128Basic-0
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex128Basic_testComplex128Basic-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex128Basic_testComplex128Basic-2
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex128Basic_testComplex128Basic-3

#Placeholder complex64 not supported
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex64Basic_testComplex64Basic-0
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex64Basic_testComplex64Basic-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex64Basic_testComplex64Basic-2
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testComplex64Basic_testComplex64Basic-3

#int64 ConstOp not supported
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-3
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatReshapeThreeDimensions_testFloatReshapeThreeDimensions-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatReshapeThreeDimensions_testFloatReshapeThreeDimensions-3
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatUnspecifiedDimBegin_testFloatUnspecifiedDimBegin-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatUnspecifiedDimBegin_testFloatUnspecifiedDimBegin-3
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatUnspecifiedDimEnd_testFloatUnspecifiedDimEnd-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatUnspecifiedDimEnd_testFloatUnspecifiedDimEnd-3
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatUnspecifiedDimOnly_testFloatUnspecifiedDimOnly-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testFloatUnspecifiedDimOnly_testFloatUnspecifiedDimOnly-3
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-3

# #OVTF[GPU]:The plugin does not support output BOOL precision
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasic_testBoolBasic-0
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasic_testBoolBasic-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasic_testBoolBasic-2
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasic_testBoolBasic-3

#Shape Op
#int64 expand dims not supported
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDimsDimType_testExpandDimsDimType-1
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDimsDimType_testExpandDimsDimType-2
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDimsDimType_testExpandDimsDimType-3
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-32
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-33
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-34
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-35
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-36
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-37
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-38
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-39
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-40
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-41
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-42
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-43
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-44
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-45
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-46
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-47
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-48
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-49
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-50
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-51
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-52
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-53
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-54
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-55
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-56
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-57
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-58
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-59
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-60
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-61
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-62
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testExpandDims_testExpandDims-63

#int64, Squeeze OpType not supported
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeAllOnes_testSqueezeAllOnes-2
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeAllOnes_testSqueezeAllOnes-3
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-12
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-13
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-14
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-15
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-16
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-17
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-18
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-19
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-20
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-21
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-22
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeOnlyOnes_testSqueezeOnlyOnes-23
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-12
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-13
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-14
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-15
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-16
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-17
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-18
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-19
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-20
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-21
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-22
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimension_testSqueezeSpecificDimension-23
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueeze_testSqueeze-12
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueeze_testSqueeze-13
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueeze_testSqueeze-14
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueeze_testSqueeze-15

# OVTF[GPU]: The plugin does not support output BOOL precision
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeAllOnesBool_testSqueezeAllOnesBool-0
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeAllOnesBool_testSqueezeAllOnesBool-1
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeBool_testSqueezeBool-4
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeBool_testSqueezeBool-5
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeBool_testSqueezeBool-6
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeBool_testSqueezeBool-7
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-10
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-11
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-2
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-3
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-4
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-5
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-8
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-9
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testTypes_testTypes-0

#timeout
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testIdentityTileAndGrad_testIdentityTileAndGrad-0
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testTypes_testTypes-6

#Tile Op related
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testSimple_testSimple-1    # Tile Op Mode not supported
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testTypes_testTypes-3      # Tile Op Type not supported, also complex64
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testTypes_testTypes-4      # Tile Op Type not supported, also complex128
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testTypes_testTypes-9      # Tile Op Type not supported, also int64

#Slice
#dimension in node dim must be positive
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-2
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-4
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-7
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-8
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSliceOfSlice_testSliceOfSlice-0

#int64, stridedslice Op not supported
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-0
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-1
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-2
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-3

#int64, Splice Op supported
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-4
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingWithInt64Index_testSlicingWithInt64Index-0
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingWithInt64Index_testSlicingWithInt64Index-1
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingWithInt64Index_testSlicingWithInt64Index-4
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingWithInt64Index_testSlicingWithInt64Index-5

# #spacetobatchNd ops zero dimension
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-11
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-9
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-20
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-21
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-22
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-23
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-24
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-25
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-26
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-27

#Split Op
#Dimension must be positive integer
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testDegenerateVariable_testDegenerateVariable-0
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testDegenerateVariable_testDegenerateVariable-1
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testDegenerateVariable_testDegenerateVariable-2
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testDegenerateVariable_testDegenerateVariable-3

#CHECK
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testSpecialCasesVariable_testSpecialCasesVariable-2
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testSpecialCasesVariable_testSpecialCasesVariable-3

# ##Complex Datatypes
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-42
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-43
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-46
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-47
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-50
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-51
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-54
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-55
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-58
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-59
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-62
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-63
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-66
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-67
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-70
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-71
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-74
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-75
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-78
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-79

# TopK
# topkv2 not supported T17
topk_op_test_TopKTest_testLargeSort_testLargeSort-1
topk_op_test_TopKTest_testLargeTopK_testLargeTopK-1
topk_op_test_TopKTest_testMediumTopK_testMediumTopK-1
topk_op_test_TopKTest_testTop3Unsorted_testTop3Unsorted-0

#Transpose
#int64, TransposeOp Type is not supported
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_test1D_test1D-0
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_test1D_test1D-1
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_test1D_test1D-2
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_test1D_test1D-3
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_test1D_test1D-4
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_test1D_test1D-5
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_test1D_test1D-6
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_test1D_test1D-7
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_test1D_test1D-8
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testHalf_testHalf-0
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testHalf_testHalf-1
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testHalf_testHalf-2
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testHalf_testHalf-3
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testHalf_testHalf-4
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testHalf_testHalf-5
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-0
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-1
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-10
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-11
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-12
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-13
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-14
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-15
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-16
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-17
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-18
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-19
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-2
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-20
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-21
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-22
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-23
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-24
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-25
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-26
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-3
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-4
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-5
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-6
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-7
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-8
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-9

#int64, Const Op Type not supported
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testPermType_testPermType-0

#Unstack
#int64, unpack Op type is not supported.
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-5
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-6
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-7
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-8
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-9
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-11
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-14
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-2
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-5
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-8
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-17
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-20
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-23
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-26
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-29
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-32
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-35
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-38
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-41
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-44
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-47
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-50
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-53

# OVTF[GPU]: The plugin does not support output BOOL precision
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-0
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-21
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-28
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testSimple_testSimple-7

# TF infer fails with "timeout, core dumped" during model loading
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testGradient_testGradient-4