#*******************************************************************************
#  Copyright (C) 2021-2022 Intel Corporation
# 
#  SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
# ******************************************************************************

# Conversion from U8 to S32 is Unsupported
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-0
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-3
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testOptimizedCases_testOptimizedCases-4
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-0
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-3
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-4
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-5
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-6
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-7
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-8
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-9

# Squeeze op dt_int64, const op dt_int16 not supported
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testExpand_testExpand-5
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testMasks_testMasks-3
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testMasks_testMasks-4
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testMasks_testMasks-6
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testMasks_testMasks-7
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_int16_indices_test_int16_indices-16
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_int16_indices_test_int16_indices-22
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_int16_indices_test_int16_indices-23

# Conversion from U8 to S32 is unsupported
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-13
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-14
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-15
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-16
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-17
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-18
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-19
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-20
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-21
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_test_basic_slice_test_basic_slice-22

# Conversion from U8 to S32 is Unsupported
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-10
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-12
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-65
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-67

# batch size is different for different inputs
conv_ops_test_Conv2DTest_testShapeFunctionEdgeCases_testShapeFunctionEdgeCases-7

# BatchtospaceNd_ has zero dimension which is not allowed
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-11
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-9

# Infer Failed: Benchmark is in inference only mode
lrn_op_test_LRNOpTest_testCompute_testCompute-0

# Ceil Op not supported
cwise_ops_test_RoundingTest_testTypes_testTypes-1
cwise_ops_test_RoundingTest_testTypes_testTypes-3

# Const layer Constant_ has incorrect dimensions in the output data 0
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-13
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-16
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-23
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-26
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-33
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-37
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-45
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-49
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-61
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-64
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-71
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-74
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-81
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-85
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-93
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-97
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatDifferentShapes_testFloatDifferentShapes-0
gather_nd_op_test_GatherNdTest_testEmptyIndicesLastRankMeansCopyEntireTensor_testEmptyIndicesLastRankMeansCopyEntireTensor-0
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testAxesType_testAxesType-0
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testAxesType_testAxesType-1
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-162
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-20
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-4
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-44
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-6
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-86
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testGradient_testGradient-0
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testGradient_testGradient-21
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-10
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-11
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-162
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-20
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-24
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-25
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-4
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-44
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-48
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-49
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-6
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-86
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-90
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-91
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-4
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-6
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-10
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-11
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-162
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-20
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-24
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-25
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-4
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-44
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-48
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-49
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-6
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-86
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-90
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-91

# CTCGreedyDecoder Op not supported
ctc_decoder_ops_test_CTCGreedyDecoderTest_testCTCGreedyDecoder_testCTCGreedyDecoder-0
ctc_decoder_ops_test_CTCGreedyDecoderTest_testCTCGreedyDecoder_testCTCGreedyDecoder-1
ctc_decoder_ops_test_CTCGreedyDecoderTest_testCTCGreedyDecoder_testCTCGreedyDecoder-2

# Dimension of data input shape along 'axis': 1 must be evenly divisible by 'num_splits' attribute value: _
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-0
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-20
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-25
unstack_op_test_UnstackOpTest_testAgainstNumpy_testAgainstNumpy-5

# Dimension value must be a multiple of given value
batchtospace_op_test_BatchToSpaceNDErrorHandlingTest_testUnknownShape_testUnknownShape-5
batchtospace_op_test_BatchToSpaceNDGradientTest_testSmall2_testSmall2-0
batchtospace_op_test_BatchToSpaceNDGradientTest_testSmall2_testSmall2-2
batchtospace_op_test_BatchToSpaceNDGradientTest_testSmallCrop1x1_testSmallCrop1x1-0
batchtospace_op_test_BatchToSpaceNDGradientTest_testSmallCrop1x1_testSmallCrop1x1-2
batchtospace_op_test_BatchToSpaceNDGradientTest_testSmall_testSmall-0
batchtospace_op_test_BatchToSpaceNDGradientTest_testSmall_testSmall-2
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-13
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-15
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-17
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-19

# Placeholder Op DT_BOOL not supported
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-30
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-32
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-63
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-65
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-86
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-108
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-30
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-32
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-53
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-85
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-87
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-10
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-11
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-12
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-13
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-14
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-15
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-16
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-17
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-18
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-19
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-20
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-21
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-22
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-23
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-24
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-25
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-26
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-27
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-28
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-29
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-30
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-31
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-32
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-33
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-34
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-35
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-8
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAll3D_testAll3D-9
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAxesType_testAxesType-0
reduction_ops_test_AllReductionTest_testAxesType_testAxesType-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasicWithEagerOpAsFunctionEnabled_testBoolBasicWithEagerOpAsFunctionEnabled-0
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasicWithEagerOpAsFunctionEnabled_testBoolBasicWithEagerOpAsFunctionEnabled-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasicWithEagerOpAsFunctionEnabled_testBoolBasicWithEagerOpAsFunctionEnabled-2
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasicWithEagerOpAsFunctionEnabled_testBoolBasicWithEagerOpAsFunctionEnabled-3
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasic_testBoolBasic-0
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasic_testBoolBasic-1
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasic_testBoolBasic-2
reshape_op_test_ReshapeTest_testBoolBasic_testBoolBasic-3

# Cast Op: DstT - DT_DOUBLE, SrcT - DT_INT64 not supported
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-0
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-11
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-15
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-16
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-17
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-33
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-44
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-48
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-49
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-50
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-66
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-74
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testBasic_testBasic-75
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-0
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-1
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-2
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-3
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-4
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-5
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-6
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testIntToFloatBoundary_testIntToFloatBoundary-7
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-0
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-11
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-15
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-16
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-17
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-33
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-41
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-42
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-55
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-66
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-70
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-71
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-72
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-88
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-96
cast_op_test_CastOpTest_testRandom_testRandom-97

# Pack Op DT_INT64 not supported
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingWithInt64Index_testSlicingWithInt64Index-0
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingWithInt64Index_testSlicingWithInt64Index-1
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-4

# StridedSlice Op DT_INT64 not supported
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-0
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-1
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-2
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSlicingInt64Tensor_testSlicingInt64Tensor-3

# GatherNd has zero dimension which is not allowed
gather_nd_op_test_GatherNdTest_testEmptyIndicesAndParamsOKButJustEmptyParamsFails_testEmptyIndicesAndParamsOKButJustEmptyParamsFails-0
gather_nd_op_test_GatherNdTest_testEmptyIndicesAndParamsOKButJustEmptyParamsFails_testEmptyIndicesAndParamsOKButJustEmptyParamsFails-1

# Expected Output Precision is not available for inference
check_ops_test_AssertGreaterTest_test_raises_when_equal_test_raises_when_equal-0
check_ops_test_AssertGreaterTest_test_raises_when_less_test_raises_when_less-0
check_ops_test_AssertLessTest_test_raises_when_equal_test_raises_when_equal-0
check_ops_test_AssertLessTest_test_raises_when_greater_test_raises_when_greater-0
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint8Basic_testUint8Basic-0
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint8Basic_testUint8Basic-1
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint8Basic_testUint8Basic-2
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint8Basic_testUint8Basic-3
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint8Basic_testUint8Basic-4
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint8Basic_testUint8Basic-5
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint8Basic_testUint8Basic-6
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint8Basic_testUint8Basic-7
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testUint8Basic_testUint8Basic-8
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-13
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-14
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-6
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-7
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testDataTypes_testDataTypes-0
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testDataTypes_testDataTypes-1
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testDataTypes_testDataTypes-2
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testDataTypes_testDataTypes-3
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testDataTypes_testDataTypes-4
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testDataTypes_testDataTypes-5
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testDataTypes_testDataTypes-6
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testDataTypes_testDataTypes-7
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testNonMaxSuppression_testNonMaxSuppression-0
image_ops_test_NonMaxSuppressionTest_testZeroIOUThreshold_testZeroIOUThreshold-0
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse-0
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse-1
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse-12
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse_testResizeUpAlignCornersFalse-13
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue-0
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue-1
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue-12
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue_testResizeUpAlignCornersTrue-13
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testTensorArguments_testTensorArguments-0
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testTensorArguments_testTensorArguments-1
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testTensorArguments_testTensorArguments-2
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testTensorArguments_testTensorArguments-3
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testTensorArguments_testTensorArguments-4
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testTensorArguments_testTensorArguments-5
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testTensorArguments_testTensorArguments-6
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesTest_testTensorArguments_testTensorArguments-7
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-0
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-1
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-36
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-37
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-44
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testNoOp_testNoOp-8
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testResizeUp_testResizeUp-0
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testResizeUp_testResizeUp-1
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testResizeUp_testResizeUp-32
image_ops_test_ResizeImagesV2Test_testResizeUp_testResizeUp-33
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testIndicesTypes_testIndicesTypes-0
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testIndicesTypes_testIndicesTypes-1
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testIndicesTypes_testIndicesTypes-2
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testIndicesTypes_testIndicesTypes-3
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testOneHotUint8WithLargeArray_testOneHotUint8WithLargeArray-0
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testPrefixDimOverflow_testPrefixDimOverflow-4
one_hot_op_test_OneHotTest_testPrefixDimOverflow_testPrefixDimOverflow-5
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-3
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-9
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-24
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-25
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-26
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-27
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-28
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-29
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-30
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-31
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-32
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-33
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-34
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-35
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-38
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-39
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-40
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-41
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-42
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-43
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-44
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-45
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-48
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-49
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-50
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-51
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-52
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-53
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-54
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-55
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-56
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-57
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-58
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-59
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-100
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-101
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-102
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-103
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-104
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-105
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-106
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-107
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-108
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-109
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-110
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-111
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-112
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-113
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-12
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-120
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-121
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-126
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-127
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-13
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-130
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-131
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-132
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-133
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-14
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-144
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-145
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-15
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-150
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-151
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-152
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-153
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-16
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-160
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-161
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-163
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-17
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-18
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-19
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-21
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-26
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-27
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-28
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-29
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-30
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-31
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-32
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-33
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-34
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-35
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-36
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-37
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-38
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-39
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-42
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-43
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-45
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-5
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-54
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-55
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-56
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-57
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-58
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-59
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-60
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-61
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-62
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-63
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-64
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-65
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-66
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-67
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-7
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-72
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-73
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-76
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-77
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-78
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-79
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-84
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-85
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-87
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-96
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-97
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-98
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testInt32_testInt32-99
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-5
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testSizeOverflowUint8_testSizeOverflowUint8-7
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-100
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-101
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-102
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-103
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-104
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-105
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-106
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-107
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-108
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-109
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-110
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-111
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-112
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-113
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-114
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-115
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-116
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-117
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-118
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-119
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-12
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-120
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-121
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-122
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-123
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-124
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-125
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-126
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-127
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-128
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-129
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-13
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-130
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-131
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-132
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-133
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-134
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-135
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-136
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-137
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-138
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-139
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-14
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-140
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-141
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-142
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-143
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-144
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-145
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-146
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-147
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-148
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-149
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-15
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-150
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-151
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-152
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-153
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-154
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-155
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-156
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-157
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-158
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-159
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-16
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-160
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-161
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-163
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-17
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-18
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-19
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-21
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-26
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-27
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-28
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-29
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-30
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-31
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-32
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-33
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-34
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-35
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-36
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-37
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-38
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-39
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-40
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-41
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-42
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-43
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-45
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-5
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-50
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-51
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-52
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-53
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-54
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-55
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-56
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-57
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-58
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-59
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-60
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-61
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-62
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-63
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-64
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-65
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-66
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-67
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-68
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-69
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-7
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-70
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-71
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-72
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-73
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-74
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-75
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-76
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-77
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-78
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-79
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-80
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-81
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-82
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-83
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-84
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-85
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-87
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-92
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-93
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-94
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-95
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-96
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-97
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-98
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testUint8_testUint8-99
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testTypes_testTypes-5
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSliceOfSlice_testSliceOfSlice-0
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-12
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-14
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-16
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-18
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-20
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-21
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-22
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-23
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-24
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-25
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-26
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testDirect_testDirect-27
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testOneBlockDimZeroRemainingDims_testOneBlockDimZeroRemainingDims-0
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testOneBlockDimZeroRemainingDims_testOneBlockDimZeroRemainingDims-2
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testZeroBlockDimsOneRemainingDim_testZeroBlockDimsOneRemainingDim-0
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testZeroBlockDimsOneRemainingDim_testZeroBlockDimsOneRemainingDim-2
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testZeroBlockDimsOneRemainingDim_testZeroBlockDimsOneRemainingDim-4
spacetobatch_op_test_SpaceToBatchNDTest_testZeroBlockDimsOneRemainingDim_testZeroBlockDimsOneRemainingDim-6

# -i or -data_shape command line parameter should be set for all inputs in case of network with dynamic shapes
batchtospace_op_test_BatchToSpaceNDErrorHandlingTest_testUnknownShape_testUnknownShape-4
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeWithUnknownShape_testSqueezeWithUnknownShape-0
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testOutputShape_testOutputShape-0
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testOutputShape_testOutputShape-1
split_op_test_SplitOpTest_testShapeInference_testShapeInference-3

# Output shape incompatible with input
depthtospace_op_test_DepthToSpaceTest_testAgainstTranspose_testAgainstTranspose-0
depthtospace_op_test_DepthToSpaceTest_testAgainstTranspose_testAgainstTranspose-2

# Slice has zero dimension which is not allowed
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-1
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-10
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-11
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-13
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-14
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-16
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-17
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-2
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-4
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-5
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-7
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-8
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testRandom_testRandom-0

# Infer Failed : sorting not possible due to existed loop
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape1_testInferenceShape1-1
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape1_testInferenceShape1-3
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape2_testInferenceShape2-1
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape2_testInferenceShape2-3
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape3_testInferenceShape3-1
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape3_testInferenceShape3-3
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape4_testInferenceShape4-1
nn_fused_batchnorm_test_BatchNormalizationTest_testInferenceShape4_testInferenceShape4-3

# Stride_slice has zero dimension which is not allowed
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-0
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-1
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-2
array_ops_test_StridedSliceTest_testDegenerateSlices_testDegenerateSlices-3
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testRandom_testRandom-1
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-2
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-4
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-7
slice_op_test_SliceTest_testSingleElementAll_testSingleElementAll-8

# TopKV2 op Mode is not supported
topk_op_test_TopKTest_testTop3Unsorted_testTop3Unsorted-0

# Conversion from U8 to S32 is Unsupported
depthtospace_op_test_DepthToSpaceTest_testNonSquare_testNonSquare-1
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-11
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-12
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-13
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-14
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-15
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-16
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-17
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-9
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-11
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-12
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-13
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-14
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-15
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-16
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-17
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-9
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt32_testInt32-10
transpose_op_test_TransposeTest_testInt64_testInt64-10
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions_testCollapseAdjacentNonPaddedDimensions-15

# Const layer has incorrect dimensions in the output data
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-10
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-11
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-2
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-24
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-25
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-3
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-48
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-49
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-90
reduction_ops_test_MeanReductionTest_testFloat32_testFloat32-91

# Timeout
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testIdentityTileAndGrad_testIdentityTileAndGrad-0
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testScalar_testScalar-0
shape_ops_test_TileTest_testScalar_testScalar-1

# Abs op not supported
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-0
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-2
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-3
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-5
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-76
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-77
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-0
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-1
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-10
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-9
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-0
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-1
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-5
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-6

# BroadcastGradientArgs op not supported
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-46
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-50
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-94
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-98
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-10
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-11
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-27
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-28
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-29
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt32Basic_testInt32Basic-9

# Erf op not supported
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-70
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-72
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-88
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-89

# Log1p op not supported
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-26
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-28

# Sqrt op not supported
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-18
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-59
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-62
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-82
cwise_ops_unary_test_UnaryOpTest_testFloatBasic_testFloatBasic-83

# DT_DOUBLE failures - invalid case
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-21
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-22
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-23
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-6
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-7
cwise_ops_binary_test_BinaryOpTest_testInt64Basic_testInt64Basic-8

# Infer failure
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testBadIndicesCPU_testBadIndicesCPU-0
gather_op_test_GatherTest_testBadIndicesCPU_testBadIndicesCPU-1

# DT_INT64 cast op
relu_op_test_LeakyReluTest_testNumbersCPU_testNumbersCPU-1

# Range Op not supported
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testAlongFirstDimension_testAlongFirstDimension-0
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testAlongNegativeDimension_testAlongNegativeDimension-0
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testAlongSecondDimension_testAlongSecondDimension-0

# Infer failure with error: number of biases must equal to number of output channels per group
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D1x1x1Filter_testConv3D1x1x1Filter-1
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D1x1x1Filter_testConv3D1x1x1Filter-11
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D1x1x1Filter_testConv3D1x1x1Filter-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D1x1x1Filter_testConv3D1x1x1Filter-14
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D1x1x1Filter_testConv3D1x1x1Filter-2
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D1x1x1Filter_testConv3D1x1x1Filter-4
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D1x1x1Filter_testConv3D1x1x1Filter-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D1x1x1Filter_testConv3D1x1x1Filter-7
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D1x1x1Filter_testConv3D1x1x1Filter-9
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2Same_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2Same-1
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2Same_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2Same-2
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2Same_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2Same-4
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2-1
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2-2
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2_testConv3D2x2x2FilterStride2-4
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D2x2x2Filter_testConv3D2x2x2Filter-1
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D2x2x2Filter_testConv3D2x2x2Filter-2
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3D2x2x2Filter_testConv3D2x2x2Filter-4
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3DStride3_testConv3DStride3-1
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3DStride3_testConv3DStride3-2
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testConv3DStride3_testConv3DStride3-4
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testFilterGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testFilterGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testFilterGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideOne_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideOne-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideOne_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideOne-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideOne_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideOne-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideThree_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideThree-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideThree_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideThree-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideThree_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideThree-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo_testFilterGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOne_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOne-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOne_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOne-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOne_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideOne-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideThree_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideThree-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideThree_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideThree-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideThree_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideThree-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo_testFilterGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testInputGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testInputGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testInputGradientKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientSamePaddingDifferentStrides_testInputGradientSamePaddingDifferentStrides-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientSamePaddingDifferentStrides_testInputGradientSamePaddingDifferentStrides-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientSamePaddingDifferentStrides_testInputGradientSamePaddingDifferentStrides-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideThree_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideThree-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideThree_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideThree-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideThree_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideThree-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo_testInputGradientSamePaddingStrideTwo-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOneFastPath-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOne_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOne-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOne_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOne-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOne_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideOne-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideThree_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideThree-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideThree_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideThree-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideThree_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideThree-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo-12
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo-3
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo_testInputGradientValidPaddingStrideTwo-6
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-1
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-2
conv_ops_3d_test_Conv3DTest_testKernelSizeMatchesInputSize_testKernelSizeMatchesInputSize-4

# Conversion from U8 to S32 is unsupported
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-72
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-73
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-74
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-75
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-76
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-77
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-78
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-79
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-80
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-81
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-82
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testIntTypes_testIntTypes-83

# Pad op Mode not supported
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPadTypes_testPadTypes-0
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testPadTypes_testPadTypes-1
pad_op_test_PadOpTest_testScalars_testScalars-0

# Placeholder op DT_BOOL not supported
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeAllOnesBool_testSqueezeAllOnesBool-0
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeAllOnesBool_testSqueezeAllOnesBool-1
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeBool_testSqueezeBool-4
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeBool_testSqueezeBool-5
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeBool_testSqueezeBool-6
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeBool_testSqueezeBool-7
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-0
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-1
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-10
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-11
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-2
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-3
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-4
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-5
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-6
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-7
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-8
shape_ops_test_ShapeOpsTest_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool_testSqueezeSpecificDimensionBool-9

# AddV2 op DT_INT64 not supported
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testHalfGPU_testHalfGPU-0
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testHalfGPU_testHalfGPU-1

# Range op is not supported
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testFloatGPU_testFloatGPU-0
softmax_op_test_SoftmaxTest_testDoubleGPU_testDoubleGPU-0

# Argument shapes are inconsistent
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testGradientsRandom_testGradientsRandom-0
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testGradientsRandom_testGradientsRandom-2
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testGradientsRandom_testGradientsRandom-4
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testGradientsRandom_testGradientsRandom-6
concat_op_test_ConcatOpTest_testGradientsRandom_testGradientsRandom-8

# Failed to compile Einsum layer
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testBroadcastingWithRepeatedIndices_testBroadcastingWithRepeatedIndices-0
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testBroadcastingWithRepeatedIndices_testBroadcastingWithRepeatedIndices-1
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testBroadcastingWithRepeatedIndices_testBroadcastingWithRepeatedIndices-2
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testBroadcasting_testBroadcasting-5
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testBroadcasting_testBroadcasting-6
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testBroadcasting_testBroadcasting-7
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testBroadcasting_testBroadcasting-8
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testDtypes_testDtypes-5
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testEllipsis_testEllipsis-2
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testReducedIndices_testReducedIndices-2
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testRepeatedIndices_testRepeatedIndices-0
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testRepeatedIndices_testRepeatedIndices-1
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testRepeatedIndices_testRepeatedIndices-2
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testRepeatedIndices_testRepeatedIndices-3
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryEllipsis_testUnaryEllipsis-10
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryEllipsis_testUnaryEllipsis-11
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryEllipsis_testUnaryEllipsis-6
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryEllipsis_testUnaryEllipsis-9
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels-0
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels-1
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels-2
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels-3
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels-4
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels-5
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels-6
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels_testUnaryWithRepeatedLabels-7
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnary_testUnary-1
einsum_op_test_EinsumOpTest_testUnary_testUnary-2

# im2col has zero dimension which is not allowed
extract_image_patches_op_test_ExtractImagePatches_testKsize2x2Stride1x1Rate1x1Same_testKsize2x2Stride1x1Rate1x1Same-0
extract_image_patches_op_test_ExtractImagePatches_testKsize2x2Stride1x1Rate1x1Valid_testKsize2x2Stride1x1Rate1x1Valid-0
extract_image_patches_op_test_ExtractImagePatches_testKsize2x2Stride1x1Rate2x2Valid_testKsize2x2Stride1x1Rate2x2Valid-0